                BEAT DOWN THE SUN COMMERICAL LICENCE  
                      Version 0.1, June 2025

 Copyright (C) Beat down the Sun Development Team (hereinafter referred
 to as "Licensor").  
 You (hereinafter referred to as "Licensee") are permitted to use this
 work (hereinafter referred to as "the Work") only in accordance with the
 following terms.

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
 license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                              PREAMBLE

  In order to protect the rights and interests of the Beat down the Sun
Development Team (hereinafter referred to as "the Development Team"), 
this Commercial License is hereby established.

  This License, namely the Beat down the Sun Commercial License, applies
to the Development Team and to certain designated works by Submod authors
who choose to adopt this License for their works. If you wish to produce
and publicly distribute a work based on this Work or any work derived
from a work using this License, you must use this License. See below for
details.

  y choosing to use this License, you are deemed to have agreed to grant 
to the Development Team, free of charge, all rights within the scope of
this License to all contents of your work, and to grant the Development
Team the right to integrate your work into the Work and to use your work
for commercial purposes. At the same time, the Development Team grants
you the rights to use, copy, modify, and distribute the Work for
non-commercial purposes. If others distribute the Work under this License,
they shall also grant the recipients the rights to use, copy, modify, and
distribute for non-commercial purposes, but no distributor other than the
Development Team is permitted to authorize any form of commercial use.

  When you publicly distribute the Work, whether free of charge or
commercially, you must grant the recipients all the rights granted to you
herein. You must ensure that they can also obtain the source code, and you
must display these terms to them so that they are aware of their rights.
Specifically, you must place a copy of this License in the root directory
of your work. Failure to do so will be deemed an infringement, and al
l content of your work not belonging to other right holders will no longer
be protected by this License and the copyright of such content will revert
to the Development Team.

  To protect each distributor, it is hereby stated that the Work is
provided without any warranty. Furthermore, if the Work is modified by
others and passed on, recipients should be made aware that they have not
received the original version, so that the reputation of the original
author is not affected by problems introduced by others.

  The following sets forth the specific terms and conditions of use.



          TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMERCIAL LICENSE USE

  0. The Licensor authorizes the Licensee to use the Work within the scope
of authorization (such as internal use, specified products, specified
period), provided that the Licensee complies with these Commercial License
terms. The Licensee shall not use the Work beyond the scope set forth
herein.

  1. Unless the Licensor has expressly granted prior written authorization
for commercial use, the Licensee shall not:

    a) Transfer, lend, lease, or sublicense the Work or any part thereof
    in any form;

    b) Use the Work for commercial sale, resale, provision of services to
    third parties, or for any other commercial purposes;

    c) Remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other rights notices
    in the Work.

  2. All intellectual property rights in the Work and all copies thereof
are owned by the Licensor. The Licensee is granted only a limited right
of use and does not acquire any ownership or other rights in the Work.

  3. Except for content explicitly sourced from the internet or content
that has undergone secondary processing by the Licensor and for which
there are no claims or disputes by other right holders, all other content
in the Work is owned by the Licensor, who enjoys all intellectual property
rights and related rights thereto. Without the Licensor's prior written
consent, no entity or individual may use, copy, modify, distribute, or
otherwise infringe upon such rights in any form.

   If there is any dispute regarding the ownership of any content of the
Work, please promptly contact the Licensor for resolution.

  4. These license terms shall be governed by the laws of the People's
Republic of China. In the event of a dispute, the parties agree that the
Tianjin First Intermediate People's Court shall be the court of first
instance.

  5. If, as a result of a court judgment, copyright infringement claim, or
for any other reason (including but not limited to copyright issues), you
are subject to conditions that conflict with the terms of this License
(whether by court order, agreement, or otherwise), such conditions shall
not excuse you from compliance with this License. If you cannot
simultaneously satisfy this License and any other pertinent obligations,
then you may not distribute the Work or any derivative works at all. For
example, if a copyright license does not permit free redistribution of the
Work or derivatives to all persons receiving them directly or indirectly
from you, then the only way to satisfy both it and this License is to
refrain entirely from distributing the Work or its derivatives.

   If any provision of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable under
any particular circumstance, the remainder of the terms shall continue to
apply, and the terms as a whole shall apply in other circumstances.

  6. Unless expressly permitted by this License, you may not copy, modify,
sublicense, link, or distribute the Work. Any other copying, modification,
sublicensing, linking, or distribution shall be void, and your rights
under this License will automatically terminate. However, as long as third
parties have received the Work or derivative works or rights from you
under this License and remain in full compliance with its terms, their
licenses will not be terminated.

  7. For any work using this License, regardless of the time of its
creation or whether any rights have previously been granted to others in
any form, upon the addition of this License to the work, all rights to al
l contents shall be protected under this License. However, for content
already expressly authorized by written documentation, such authorization
shall remain in effect for the scope and duration specified in that
documentation, but only for the content authorized as of the time this
License is added.

  8. All provisions of the Preamble remain applicable unless expressly
excluded in these Commercial License Terms. Any matter not expressly
permitted for commercial licensing in these Commercial License Terms
remains prohibited for non-commercial use as well.



                            DISCLAIMER

  9. The Work is provided "as is", and the Licensor makes no express or
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or absence of errors. The Licensee assumes all risks associated with the
use of the Work.

  10. In no event shall the Licensor be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages arising from the 
Work, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages.

  11. Should the Licensee violate these license terms, the license shall
automatically terminate, and the Licensee shall immediately cease all use
of the Work.



                            END OF TERMS

    For any questions or to obtain formal authorization, please contact:
    czxieddan@czxieddan.top

  Beat down the Sun Development Team, June 8, 2025  
  CzXieDdan, Chief
