                     BEAT DOWN THE SUN LICENSE  
                     Version 0.1.1, June, 2025

 Copyright (C) Beat down the Sun Development Team (hereinafter referred
 to as "Licensor").  
 You (hereinafter referred to as "License") are permitted to use this
 work (hereinafter referred to as "the Work") only in accordance with the
 following terms.

 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
 license document, but changing it is not allowed.
 
 

                              PREAMBLE

  In order to protect the rights and interests of the Beat down the Sun
Development Team (hereinafter referred to as "the Development Team"), 
this License is hereby established.

  This License, namely the Beat down the Sun License, applies
to the Development Team and to certain designated works by Submod authors
who choose to adopt this License for their works. If you wish to produce
and publicly distribute a work based on this Work or any work derived
from a work using this License, you must use this License. See below for
details.

  By choosing to use this License, you are deemed to have agreed to grant 
to the Development Team, free of charge, all rights within the scope of
this License to all contents of your work, and to grant the Development
Team the right to integrate your work into the Work and to use your work
for commercial purposes. At the same time, the Development Team grants
you the rights to use, copy, modify, and distribute the Work for
non-commercial purposes. If others distribute the Work under this License,
they shall also grant the recipients the rights to use, copy, modify, and
distribute for non-commercial purposes, but no distributor other than the
Development Team is permitted to authorize any form of commercial use.

  When you publicly distribute the Work, whether free of charge or
commercially, you must grant the recipients all the rights granted to you
herein. You must ensure that they can also obtain the source code, and you
must display these terms to them so that they are aware of their rights.
Specifically, you must place a copy of this License in the root directory
of your work. Failure to do so will be deemed an infringement, and al
l content of your work not belonging to other right holders will no longer
be protected by this License and the copyright of such content will revert
to the Development Team.

  To protect each distributor, it is hereby stated that the Work is
provided without any warranty. Furthermore, if the Work is modified by
others and passed on, recipients should be made aware that they have not
received the original version, so that the reputation of the original
author is not affected by problems introduced by others.

  The following sets forth the specific terms and conditions of use.



            TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMERCIAL LICENSE

  0. The Licensor authorizes the Licensee to use the Work within the scope
of authorization (such as internal use, specified products, specified
period), provided that the Licensee complies with these Commercial License
terms. The Licensee shall not use the Work beyond the scope set forth
herein.

  1. Unless the Licensor has expressly granted prior written authorization
for commercial use, the Licensee shall not:

    a) Transfer, lend, lease, or sublicense the Work or any part thereof
    in any form;

    b) Use the Work for commercial sale, resale, provision of services to
    third parties, or for any other commercial purposes;

    c) Remove or alter any copyright, trademark, or other rights notices
    in the Work.

  2. All intellectual property rights in the Work and all copies thereof
are owned by the Licensor. The Licensee is granted only a limited right
of use and does not acquire any ownership or other rights in the Work.

  3. Except for content explicitly sourced from the internet or content
that has undergone secondary processing by the Licensor and for which
there are no claims or disputes by other right holders, all other content
in the Work is owned by the Licensor, who enjoys all intellectual property
rights and related rights thereto. Without the Licensor's prior written
consent, no entity or individual may use, copy, modify, distribute, or
otherwise infringe upon such rights in any form.

   If there is any dispute regarding the ownership of any content of the
Work, please promptly contact the Licensor for resolution.

  4. These license terms shall be governed by the laws of the People's
Republic of China. In the event of a dispute, the parties agree that the
Tianjin First Intermediate People's Court shall be the court of first
instance.

  5. If, as a result of a court judgment, copyright infringement claim, or
for any other reason (including but not limited to copyright issues), you
are subject to conditions that conflict with the terms of this License
(whether by court order, agreement, or otherwise), such conditions shall
not excuse you from compliance with this License. If you cannot
simultaneously satisfy this License and any other pertinent obligations,
then you may not distribute the Work or any derivative works at all. For
example, if a copyright license does not permit free redistribution of the
Work or derivatives to all persons receiving them directly or indirectly
from you, then the only way to satisfy both it and this License is to
refrain entirely from distributing the Work or its derivatives.

   If any provision of these terms is held invalid or unenforceable under
any particular circumstance, the remainder of the terms shall continue to
apply, and the terms as a whole shall apply in other circumstances.

  6. Unless expressly permitted by this License, you may not copy, modify,
sublicense, link, or distribute the Work. Any other copying, modification,
sublicensing, linking, or distribution shall be void, and your rights
under this License will automatically terminate. However, as long as third
parties have received the Work or derivative works or rights from you
under this License and remain in full compliance with its terms, their
licenses will not be terminated.

  7. For any work using this License, regardless of the time of its
creation or whether any rights have previously been granted to others in
any form, upon the addition of this License to the work, all rights to al
l contents shall be protected under this License. However, for content
already expressly authorized by written documentation, such authorization
shall remain in effect for the scope and duration specified in that
documentation, but only for the content authorized as of the time this
License is added.

  8. All provisions of the Preamble remain applicable unless expressly
excluded in these Commercial License Terms. Any matter not expressly
permitted for commercial licensing in these Commercial License Terms
remains prohibited for non-commercial use as well.



                            DISCLAIMER

  9. The Work is provided "as is", and the Licensor makes no express or
implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose,
or absence of errors. The Licensee assumes all risks associated with the
use of the Work.

  10. In no event shall the Licensor be liable for any direct, indirect,
incidental, special, punitive, or consequential damages arising from the 
Work, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such 
damages.

  11. Should the Licensee violate these license terms, the license shall
automatically terminate, and the Licensee shall immediately cease all use
of the Work.



                           END OF TERMS

    For any questions or to obtain formal authorization, please contact:
    czxieddan@czxieddan.top

  Beat down the Sun Development Team, June 14, 2025  
  CzXieDdan, Chief
  
  
  
           SUPPLEMENTARY TERMS FOR LICENSE MODIFICATION

                              TERMS

  0. The original license of this project applies to all original source
code and documentation.

  1. For any newly added content in modified versions, from the time such
content is added, these supplementary terms shall have universal binding
effect on the entire Work. If a license pre-exists before the addition of
new content and the licensee has obtained a distributed version under the
original license, the licensee retains the right to exercise the original
license for the content contained in the original version at the time of
its distribution. However, for newly added content, the new license terms
must be followed.

  2. The Licensor retains the exclusive right to provide final
interpretation and clarification for all modified portions of this
license.

  3. If you obtain this license and wish to use it in your work and modify
any part of it, you are not permitted to alter the original license in any
form within its body. You must make modifications separately at the end of
this license in the following format:
   
       XXXX'S BEAT DOWN THE SUN COMMERCIAL LICENSE MODIFIED VERSION  
 The modifications are listed as follows:  
	 
   0. XXXX  
	 
   1. XXXX  
	 
	 
   
                           END OF TERMS  
							
   Modifier, Year Month Day

    a) The content of the modified version must not conflict with any
	explicit provisions in the original license;  
	
    b) The content of the modified version must not distort or 
	misrepresent any part of the original license in any form. Otherwise, 
	the Development Team reserves the right to interpret the
	modifications in accordance with "SUPPLEMENTARY TERMS FOR LICENSE
	MODIFICATION Article 3" and to revoke the violator's rights under
	"BEAT DOWN THE SUN COMMERCIAL LICENSE Article 11".
	
  4. The issuer or modifier of the license reserves the right to amend
their own issued or modified portions without the need to specify the 
exact changes within the license. However, when creating new Releases, 
such updates must clearly indicate that the LICENSE has been updated and 
provide guidance, or an explanation should be given when pushing to
origin.

                            DISCLAIMER

  5. The Licensor (referring here to the original BEAT DOWN THE SUN
COMMERCIAL LICENSE Licensor) bears no responsibility for any improper
claims in the modified version and reserves the right to unconditionally 
terminate all relationships with the violating party and to reasonably 
seek compensation, including but not limited to reputational damages.



                           END OF TERMS

    These supplementary terms shall take effect from the date of addition 
	and have the same legal effect as the original licensing terms. 
 
  Beat down the Sun Development Team, June 14, 2025  
  CzXieDdan, Chief

           SUPPLEMENTARY TERMS FOR DERIVATIVE WORKS

  0. For derivative works issued based on the Work, the following shall 
apply in accordance with the "BEAT DOWN THE SUN COMMERCIAL LICENSE 
PREAMBLE":

   a) This License, namely the Beat down the Sun Commercial License, 
   applies to the Development Team and to certain designated works by 
   Submod authors who choose to adopt this License for their works. If you 
   wish to produce and publicly distribute a work based on this Work or 
   any work derived from a work using this License, you must use this 
   License. See below for details;

   b) By choosing to use this License, you are deemed to have agreed to 
   grant to the Development Team, free of charge, all rights within the 
   scope of this License to all contents of your work, and to grant the 
   Development Team the right to integrate your work into the Work and to 
   use your work for commercial purposes. At the same time, the 
   Development Team grants you the rights to use, copy, modify, and 
   distribute the Work for non-commercial purposes. If others distribute 
   the Work under this License, they shall also grant the recipients the 
   rights to use, copy, modify, and distribute for non-commercial 
   purposes, but no distributor other than the Development Team is 
   permitted to authorize any form of commercial use;

   c) When you publicly distribute the Work, whether free of charge or 
   commercially, you must grant the recipients all rights granted to you 
   herein. You must ensure that they can also obtain the source code, and 
   you must display these terms to them so that they are aware of their 
   rights. Specifically, you must place a copy of this License in the root 
   directory of your work. Failure to do so will be deemed an 
   infringement, and all content of your work not belonging to other right 
   holders will no longer be protected by this License and the copyright 
   of such content will revert to the Development Team;

   d) To protect each distributor, it is hereby stated that the Work is 
   provided without any warranty. Furthermore, if the Work is modified by 
   others and passed on, recipients should be made aware that they have 
   not received the original version, so that the reputation of the 
   original author is not affected by problems introduced by others.

  1. When producing a replacement-type submod, you must obtain a 
"Non-mounted Submod Non-commercial Use License" from the Development Team:

       NON-MOUNTED SUBMOD NON-COMMERCIAL USE LICENSE

   0. The Licensor authorizes the Licensee to produce this non-mounted 
 submod.

   1. The Licensee undertakes not to use this submod for any commercial 
 activities.

   2. The Licensor has the right to require the Licensee to destroy any 
 violative products and publicly apologize if the Licensee uploads a 
 replacement-type submod in violation of this agreement.

   3. The Licensee shall not use this license for any other purpose.
  
   4. You must add the following content at the very top of your work’s 
 display platform interface:  

     a) HTML:  
         <div align="center">
         <!-- Title: -->
           <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3448474441">
             <img src="https://i.imgur.com/V00Z6x2.png" height="200">
           </a>
           <p>This is a non-mounted submod based on <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3448474441">Beat down the Sun</a></p>
           <h1><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=3478462766">Beat down the Sun Series</a> - Created by <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/id/czxieddan">CzXieDdan</a></h1>
         </div>
		 
     b) Steam:  
         [h1]Work Name[/h1][hr][/hr][url=https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=3478462766][img]https://i.imgur.com/V00Z6x2.png[/img][/url][code]This is a non-mounted submod based on [url=https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3448474441][b]Beat down the Sun[/b][/url][/code]
         
		 
		 
                            DISCLAIMER
							
   5. The Development Team assumes no responsibility for any adverse 
 impact caused by modifications to the original files by anyone not part 
 of the Development Team.



                           END OF TERMS 
						   
   Licensor, Year Month Day  
   Licensee, License Number  
   License Period, License Scope

   Please note that the Non-mounted Submod Non-commercial Use License must 
   be issued by the Beat down the Sun Development Team. No one may add or 
   counterfeit such a license without authorization.

  2. When producing a mounted submod, you are required to add the 
  following content at the very top of your work’s display platform 
  interface:  
  
    a) HTML:  
      <div align="center">
      <!-- Title: -->
        <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=3448474441">
          <img src="https://i.imgur.com/V00Z6x2.png" height="200">
        </a>
        <h1><a href="https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=3478462766">Beat down the Sun Series</a> - Created by <a href="https://steamcommunity.com/id/czxieddan">CzXieDdan</a></h1>
      </div>
	  
    b) Steam:  
      [h1]Work Name[/h1][hr][/hr][url=https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/?id=3478462766][img]https://i.imgur.com/V00Z6x2.png[/img][/url]



                           END OF TERMS

    These supplementary terms shall take effect from the date of addition 
	and have the same legal effect as the original licensing terms. 
 
  Beat down the Sun Development Team, June 14, 2025  
  CzXieDdan, Chief
  
  
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
  0. Please note that you must not alter any content above this section.
  
  1. Please add your content below this section as follows:
  
    a) If you have obtained the TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR COMMERCIAL 
	LICENSE USE, you should duplicate the TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR 
	COMMERCIAL LICENSE below.
	
    b) If you have obtained the NON-MOUNTED SUBMOD NON-COMMERCIAL USE 
	LICENSE, you should duplicate the NON-MOUNTED SUBMOD NON-COMMERCIAL 
	USE LICENSE below and replace the relevant content with your own 
	information (be careful not to modify the Beat down the Sun project 
	address; you should refer to this format and add your own details 
	below).
	
    c) If you need to modify the original license content, please add
	XXXX'S BEAT DOWN THE SUN COMMERCIAL LICENSE MODIFIED VERSION and refer 
	to the corresponding format. If you are modifying based on another 
	person’s work, it is assumed to be a modified version of that work’s 
	license (i.e., the license above this section, above your license).
	
  2. Please duplicate this entire section at the end as well, because if 
  others create derivative works based on your work, they are still 
  required to add their content below your section.
  
  Beat down the Sun Development Team, June 14, 2025  
  CzXieDdan, Chief
  (Replace the signature and date with your own.)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------